# Graph coloring instances #

The instances used in this project were proposed by [The Second DIMACS Implementation Challenge](http://dimacs.rutgers.edu/Challenges/). The instances were generated by several authors. We give here a brief description of most classes of instances, the descriptions were taken from the DIMACS Challenge documentation. Instances can be [downloaded](http://seuvitor-research.googlecode.com/files/coloring_instances.zip) from the Downloads tab.

### Random graphs ("DSJC _n_ . _d_" instances) ###
From David Johnson. Random graphs with _n_ vertices and a density of _d_ /10.

### Random geometric graphs ("DSJC _n_ . _r_" instances) ###
From David Johnson. Random geometric graphs constructed by randomly choosing _n_ points from the unit square. Two vertices are connected if they are distance by less than _r_.

### Leighton graphs ("le _n_ _k_ x" instances) ###
From Craig Morgenstern. The Leighton graphs have _n_ vertices and a chromatic number _k_ equal to the size of the largest clique.

### Flat graphs ("flat _n_ _k_ 0" instances) ###
From Joe Culberson. Flat graphs are constructed with _n_ vertices and a chromatic number _k_. The end number '0' means that all vertices are incident to the same number of vertices.

### Register allocation graphs ("mulsol", "zeroin", "fpsol2" and "inithx" instances) ###
From Gary Lewandowski. Problem based on register allocation for variables in real codes.

### Class scheduling graphs ("school1" instances) ###
From Gary Lewandowski. Class scheduling graphs, with and without study halls.

### Latin square graphs ("latin\_square" instances) ###
From Gary Lewandowski. Latin square problem.